README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I'm Taha Afzali

#### 🌍 **About Me**
I am a **Front-End Developer** at the beginning of my professional journey, currently focused on learning and working with **JavaScript** and its frameworks.  
My main interest lies in designing and implementing **modern, responsive, and user-friendly interfaces**.  

My goal is to become a professional front-end developer and contribute to projects that deliver not only **high technical quality** but also an **excellent user experience**. 🚀

---


<h4 align="center"><b>My Activity</b></h4>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 40px">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Taha-Afzali-DP&theme=chartreuse-dark&show_icons=true" height="200" width="420"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Taha-Afzali-DP&layout=compact&theme=chartreuse-dark" height="177" width="420"/>
</div>

---

<h4 align="center">🚀 <b>Skills</b></h4>

<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 30px;">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="github" width="50" style="filter: invert(1);"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="vscode" width="50"/>
</div>

---

<h4 align="center">📬 <b>Contact Me</b></h4>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 50px;">
  <!-- Instagram -->
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/YourInstagramUsername" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg"  alt="Instagram" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  
 <!-- WhatsApp -->
  <a href="https://wa.me/YourPhoneNumber" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/whatsapp.svg"  alt="WhatsApp" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  
  <!-- LinkedIn -->
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/YourLinkedInUsername" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn"  width="40" style="margin: 0 10px;"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center;">✨ *"Scientists discover what is. But programmers create what is not."* ✨</div>

Commit message:

Update َAbout Me README.md

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I'm Taha Afzali

#### 🌍 **About Me**
Front-End Developer | Passionate about crafting modern, responsive UIs with JavaScript. Focused on growth and delivering top-notch user experiences. 🚀
---


<h4 align="center"><b>My Activity</b></h4>

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 40px">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Taha-Afzali-DP&theme=chartreuse-dark&show_icons=true" height="200" width="420"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Taha-Afzali-DP&layout=compact&theme=chartreuse-dark" height="177" width="420"/>
</div>

---

<h4 align="center">🚀 <b>Skills</b></h4>

<div align="center" style="margin-bottom: 30px;">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="50"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="github" width="50" style="filter: invert(1);"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="vscode" width="50"/>
</div>

---

<h4 align="center">📬 <b>Contact Me</b></h4>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 50px;">
  <!-- Instagram -->
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/YourInstagramUsername" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg"  alt="Instagram" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>

  
 <!-- WhatsApp -->
  <a href="https://wa.me/YourPhoneNumber" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/whatsapp.svg"  alt="WhatsApp" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  
  <!-- LinkedIn -->
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/YourLinkedInUsername" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn"  width="40" style="margin: 0 10px;"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center;">✨ *"Scientists discover what is. But programmers create what is not."* ✨</div>
